docs: Add details on Codefresh GitOps (#165)
argoproj-labs/gitops-promoter: docs/tool-comparison.md

   pushing a commit, leaving "freight" as "unqualified" (represented as status fields on CRs)
3. When to promote: defined by a DAG and a variety of rules such as manual approval or Argo CD app health

## Codefresh GitOps

> [Codefresh GitOps](https://codefresh.io/) uses file selectors and json paths. You can structure your git repo however you want. Then you write file 

Author: Docs are here https://codefresh.io/docs/docs/promotions/promotions-overview/

Youtube video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d6__Sg0TUDs

Product pages here:
* https://codefresh.io/product/continuous-delivery/product-argo-environment-promotion/
* https://codefresh.io/product/drag-and-drop-app-promotion-for-argo-cd/

> [Codefresh GitOps](https://codefresh.io/) uses file selectors and json paths. You can structure your git repo however you want. Then you write file 

Reviewer: Would it make sense to link directly to the docs here? 

```suggestion
[Codefresh GitOps' promotion feature](https://codefresh.io/docs/docs/promotions/promotions-overview/) uses file selectors and json paths. You can structure your git repo however you want. Then you write file 
```
